Dad, although you have been doing very well recently
Enough to prove your strength
But our Lin Group
It is a big consortium with a market value of 100 billion
Just based on your personal strength
I want to make those vulgar handrails of yours
Still difficult
This will be after you take over the group in the future
The biggest hidden danger
Right.
I don't know if you already have it.
The solution
What the old woman is going to say next
It must be the marriage contract that Dad made before he died
Hmm very good
Every step is perfect
Under control
There's only one way.
marriage
Van
In fact, when your father was alive
A marriage has been made for you
But after your father passed away
It's been delayed.
Now mom thinks the time has come
The object of engagement is
Daughter of the Zhang family in Zhongzhong
Fan'er, can you go over and have a good chat with him?
The Zhang family is famous in the investment community in Zhongzhou
Queen of the limelight
It is rumored that Zhang Jiagingyao's eyes are higher than the tripod
It is those young geniuses from Di Jin
Can't get into his eyes
Not to mention the trash of the famous family
As long as he takes seventeen eighteen three
You can take this opportunity to take back your rights?
Ok words
The old woman wants to take advantage of the marriage plan
But how do you know that the two worlds are not destined?
With memory three years ahead of schedule
It's not a problem to conquer Zhang Jinglao
And as long as you get it done, make excuses
Then combine the strength of the Zhang family and the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
Getting back to Lin's Group is like exploring the bag